src/site/markdown/download.md, before:

Download Jabylon
================

Jabylon is distributed under the [Eclipse Public License 1.0](http://opensource.org/licenses/EPL-1.0)  


## Nightly Build 1.0.0-SNAPSHOT

This version represents the latest state of the master branch.



### WAR

The [Jabylon WAR](https://buildhive.cloudbees.com/job/jutzig/job/jabylon/org.jabylon%24jabylon.war/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/org.jabylon/jabylon.war/1.0.0-SNAPSHOT/jabylon.war-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT.war) can be deployed in any servlet container with at least **JRE 6 or higher** and **Servlet 2.5 or higher**. So far it has been tested successfully with [Jetty 9](http://www.eclipse.org/jetty/ ) and [Tomcat 7](http://tomcat.apache.org/).

Specify the system property `JABYLON_HOME` in order to change the data directory for Jabylon.


### Standalone

The [standalone application](https://buildhive.cloudbees.com/job/jutzig/job/jabylon/org.jabylon%24jabylon.product/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/org.jabylon/jabylon.product/1.0.0-SNAPSHOT/jabylon.product-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT-distribution.zip) requires **JRE 6 or higher** and it currently only has a start script for **Linux Systems**



### Source

Sources can be obtained from [Github](https://github.com/jutzig/jabylon).

Commit message:

added release download location for v1.0.0

src/site/markdown/download.md, after:

Download Jabylon
================

Jabylon is distributed under the [Eclipse Public License 1.0](http://opensource.org/licenses/EPL-1.0)  



## Release

The current stable release of Jabylon is version [1.0.0](https://github.com/jutzig/jabylon/releases/tag/v1.0.0) .
This version requires a **JRE 6 or higher**


### WAR 
 
Download the [Jabylon WAR](https://github.com/jutzig/jabylon/releases/download/v1.0.0/jabylon-1.0.0.war) if you plan to deploy Jabylon in a servlet container like [Jetty](http://www.eclipse.org/jetty/ ) or [Tomcat](http://tomcat.apache.org/).

### Standalone

Download the [standalone application](https://github.com/jutzig/jabylon/releases/download/v1.0.0/jabylon-1.0.0.zip) to run Jabylon without a servlet container.


### Source

Sources can be obtained from [Github](https://github.com/jutzig/jabylon/archive/v1.0.0.zip).


## Nightly Build

For the latest greatest you can try out the nightly built 1.1.0-SNAPSHOT

 * Download [WAR](https://buildhive.cloudbees.com/job/jutzig/job/jabylon/org.jabylon%24jabylon.war/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/org.jabylon/jabylon.war/1.1.0-SNAPSHOT/jabylon.war-1.1.0-SNAPSHOT.war)
 * Download [Standalone](https://buildhive.cloudbees.com/job/jutzig/job/jabylon/org.jabylon%24jabylon.product/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/org.jabylon/jabylon.product/1.1.0-SNAPSHOT/jabylon.product-1.1.0-SNAPSHOT-distribution.zip)
 * [Sources](https://github.com/jutzig/jabylon)
