src/site/markdown/standaloneInstallation.md, before:


# Installing as a Standalone Application

Jabylon can be launched as a standalone application with an embedded jetty server. To do that, start by [downloading](./download.html) the standalone distribution and extracting it to a directory of your choice. Please make sure that the user running Jabylon has write permission in this directory.

## Starting Jabylon on Linux

If you are running Jabylon on a linux system you can use the available startup scripts. To do so, open a shell, `cd` to the directory where you extracted Jabylon and run 

`./jabylon.sh start`

Jabylon should now start up and be available at [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080).

You can change the default port by specifying `--port {PORT}`. By default, Jabylon will be bound to all interfaces. To change this setting you can specifiy `--host {IP_ADDRESS}` 

Jabylon needs a working directory to store the translation projects and the embedded database. By default this directory is located at `jabylon/workspace`. To change this default specify `--data {WORKSPACE}` on command line.

The logs will be placed to `logs/jabylon.log` by default. To change this location you can set the system property `-Djabylon.log`.

Here is an example on how to configure these settings in a command line:

`./jabylon.sh --port 10000 --host 127.0.01 --data /opt/jabylon start`


## Starting Jabylon on Windows

There is currently no startup script for windows available so you will need to start the launcher jar directly. To do so, open a terminal and `cd` to the directory where you extracted Jabylon. To start with default settings (Port 8080) execute

`java -jar plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher-1.3.0.jar`

To adjust the defaults you can set these system properties:

 * org.eclipse.equinox.http.jetty.http.host={HOST} to change the IP address that Jabylon will be bound to (all by default)
 * org.eclipse.equinox.http.jetty.http.port={PORT} to change the port Jabylon is using 
 * osgi.instance.area={WORKSPACE} to change the location of the workspace
 * jabylon.log={LOG_DIR) to change where the logfiles will be located
 
 The resulting command line could look like this:
 
 `java -Dosgi.instance.area=C:\Jabylon -jar plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher-1.3.0.jar`

Commit message:

feature #46 - create a karaf distribution
retires the old standalone distribution in favor of a karaf 4.1.0
distribution.
Also updated the eclipse launch confgurations which still launch a
regular OSGi framework (no karaf)

closes #46

src/site/markdown/standaloneInstallation.md, after:


# Installing as a Standalone Application

Jabylon can be launched as a standalone application based on [Apache Karaf](http://karaf.apache.org). Start by [downloading](./download.html) the standalone distribution and extract it to a directory of your choice. Please make sure that the user running Jabylon has write permission in this directory.

## Starting Jabylon

To start Jabylon simply open a shell, `cd` to the directory where you extracted Jabylon and run 

`bin/start[.bat]`

For more information on starting and stopping see the [Karaf documentation](http://karaf.apache.org/manual/latest/#_start_stop_restart_connect)

Jabylon should now start up and be available at [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080).

By default, it will bind to 0.0.0.0 so it will be reachable on all network interfaces.
To adjust the default port you can change it in `etc/org.ops4j.pax.web.cf`.

If you need to bind to a specific network interface (not 0.0.0.0) you can modify `etc/jetty.xml`.
Additional details can be found in the  [Karaf documentation](https://karaf.apache.org/manual/latest/webcontainer)

## Integration in the operating system - Service Wrapper

To run Jabylon as an operating system service first start it in interactive mode with `bin/karaf[.bat]`.
Once the command prompt is shown, type

`feature:install service-wrapper`

Next, type

`wrapper:install -n jabylon -d "Jabylon translation server"`

Quit the application by pressing `CTRL+D` and follow the instructions in the command prompt to finish the service installations.
Additional details can be found in the [Karaf documentation](http://karaf.apache.org/manual/latest/#_integration_in_the_operating_system_the_service_wrapper).
