src/site/markdown/upgrade.md, before:


# Upgrading Jabylon

Upgrading Jabylon is straightforward since the database and configurations are migrated automatically as the software evolves.


## Database Backup

In case you need to roll back an upgrade, it is advisable to backup the database before upgrading. Jabylon uses an embedded H2 database so for a full backup it is enough to create a copy of `[JABYLON_HOME]/cdo`. Please note that Jabylon should be shut down before creating a database backup.


## WAR

If you run Jabylon as a WAR it is sufficient to deploy a new version of the WAR to the servlet container.


## Standalone

If you run Jabylon in standalone mode, backup your jaas config if you customized it (`configuration/jaas.config`) and then delete the folders `configuration` and `plugins`. Extract the new version into the same directory, restore your jaas config and start Jabylon.

## Plug-Ins

plug-ins can be upgraded independently of Jabylon, but if a plug-in was built against an older version of Jabylon you might have to upgrade the plug-in as well for it to stay functional.

Commit message:

feature #46 - create a karaf distribution
retires the old standalone distribution in favor of a karaf 4.1.0
distribution.
Also updated the eclipse launch confgurations which still launch a
regular OSGi framework (no karaf)

closes #46

src/site/markdown/upgrade.md, after:


# Upgrading Jabylon

Upgrading Jabylon is straightforward since the database and configurations are migrated automatically as the software evolves.


## Database Backup

In case you need to roll back an upgrade, it is advisable to backup the database before upgrading. Jabylon uses an embedded H2 database so for a full backup it is enough to create a copy of `[JABYLON_HOME]/cdo`. Please note that Jabylon should be shut down before creating a database backup.

## Standalone

If you run Jabylon in standalone mode, delete the folders `system`, `data`. Extract the new version of Jabylon folder into the same directory , overriding files where necessary and start Jabylon.
In case you modified the host/port in `etc/jetty.xml` apply your change again.

### Upgrade to 1.3.0

Please note that starting from version 1.3.0 Jabylon is shipped in a Karaf container. To migrate from the old standalone distribution follow these steps:

 * Extract the new archiva to a new folder
 * Move or copy the folders `workspace`, `lucene` and `cdo` to the root of the new location
 * If you modified the jaas configuration, apply your changes to `deploy/jaas.xml`

## WAR

If you run Jabylon as a WAR it is sufficient to deploy a new version of the WAR to the servlet container.

## Plug-Ins

plug-ins can be upgraded independently of Jabylon, but if a plug-in was built against an older version of Jabylon you might have to upgrade the plug-in as well for it to stay functional.
